(Waiting on docker repo creation) - Add Automation for ibm-fhir-term-graph-loader and ibm-fhir-bucket-tool (#2818)
IBM/FHIR: fhir-install/src/main/docker/ibm-fhir-term-graph-loader/README.md

# IBM FHIR Term Graph Loader Tool

The image wraps the IBM FHIR Server Term Graph Loader tool.

************
# **License**

> The IBM FHIR Server - Bucket Tool is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. Full license text is available at [LICENSE](https://github.com/IBM/FHIR/blob/master/LICENSE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IBM FHIR Server - Term Graph Loader Tool is licensed under the Apache 2.0 license. Full license text is available at [LICENSE](https://github.com/IBM/FHIR/blob/master/LICENSE).
```
